i came back home to raise crops and god
willing
and family so you want me to marry you
then
well that's a bit sudden but all right
is that your kind of proposal
i love you always have
i want them out of you
in a land of timeless beauty
william wallace was a man of peace
i want to stay here with you and i with
you
you say you want to stay out of the
troubles if i can live in peace i will
but when they threatened his world
edward longshanks is the most ruthless
king ever to sit in the throne of
england
scotland my dad
and the woman he loved i want a home and
sheldon
it's all for nothing if you don't have
freedom he was driven
to war go back to england
and tell them there the scotland's
daughters and her sons are yours no more
the rebellion has begun i know william
wallace rallies new volunteers in every
scottish town we've come to fight that
to die for you
stand up man i'm not the
pick up flock public your finest
assassins and set a meeting
my lord wallace is renowned for his
ability to smell an ambush
we'll dispatch our future queen with the
notion that she comes in peace
longshanks desires peace he declares it
to me i swear it
you tell your king william wallace will
not be ruled
nor will any scott will i live
[Applause]
he waits for you at york if you are man
enough to come and face him
why did he help me because of the way
you are looking at me now
where are you going i'm going to pick a
fight
well we didn't get dressed up for
nothing we can't be
alive we can't and we will
would you be willing for one chance just
one chance
and tell our enemies that they may take
our lives
but they'll never take our freedom
[Music]
if we win we'll have what none of us
have ever had before
a country of our own
mel gibson brave heart
[Music]
you